label,feature
PE,The system shall refresh the display every 60 seconds.
LF,The application shall match the color of the schema set forth by Department of Homeland Security
US,If projected the data must be readable. On a 10x10 projection screen 90% of viewers must be able to read Event / Activity data from a viewing distance of 30
A,The product shall be available during normal business hours. As long as the user has access to the client PC the system will be available 99% of the time during the first six months of operation.
US,If projected the data must be understandable. On a 10x10 projection screen 90% of viewers must be able to determine that Events or Activities are occuring in current time from a viewing distance of 100
SE,The product shall ensure that it can only be accessed by authorized users. The product will be able to distinguish between authorized and unauthorized users in all access attempts
US,The product shall be intuitive and self-explanatory. : 90% of new users shall be able to start the display of Events or Activities within 90 minutes of using the product.
PE,The product shall respond fast to keep up-to-date data in the display.
LF,The look and feel of the system shall conform to the user interface standards of the smart device.
LF,The user interface shall have standard menus buttons for navigation
LF,The system shall have a professional appearance
LF,The product shall have a consistent color scheme and fonts.
US,The system shall be used by realtors with no training.
US,The system shall be intuitive and self explanatory.
US,The product shall be easy for a realtor to learn.
US,The product shall use symbols and words that are naturally understandable by the realtor community.
PE,The product shall produce search results in an acceptable time
PE,The search results shall be returned no later 30 seconds after the user has entered the search criteria
PE,The product shall generate a CMA report in an acceptable time.
PE,The CMA report shall be returned no later 60 seconds after the user has entered the CMA report criteria.
PE,The product shall synchronize contacts and appointments in an acceptable time.
PE,The product shall synchronize with the office system every hour.
A,The product shall be available for use 24 hours per day 365 days per year
