label,feature
PE,Administrator shall be able to activate a pre-paid card via the Administration section in under 5 seconds.
PE,Customer shall be able to check the status of their prepaid card by entering in the PIN number in under 5 seconds.
PE,System shall let customers register on the website as a pay as you go user in under 5 minutes.
PE,System shall let customers register on the website as a unlimited movie subscriber user in under 10 minutes.
PE,System shall let existing customers log into the website with their email address and password in under 5 seconds.
PE,System shall let customers cancel their account process shall take no longer than 2 minutes. Database will mark the account as inactive and user will not be able to log into the website.
PE,System shall let administrator de-activate a customer account in under 1 minute. Customer will no longer be able to access the website.
PE,System shall let administrator add/remove movies on the website in under 5 minutes. Entered movie information will be stored in the database and will now be available on the website.
PE,System shall let the administrator add/remove categories on the website in under 5 minutes.
PE,System shall let Izogn Manager access sales and usage statistics in under 2 minutes.
PE,System shall let administrators generate unique pre-paid pins in under 2 minutes and generate an Excel file with the generated PINs.
LF,The website shall be attractive to all audiences. The website shall appear to be fun and the colors should be bright and vibrant.
LF,The website should have an African feel but should not alienate non-Africans. The website should use animation on pages which are describing the services to grab the users attention and encourage them to sign up.
LF,The website design should be modern clean and concise.
US,The product should be able to be used by 90% of novice users on the Internet.
US,Users should only have to navigate through a maximum of 4 pages to create an account with the website.
US,Users should be able to access their streaming movies in under 2 clicks after logging into the website.
US,An anonymous survey will show that 70% of customers are comfortable purchasing streaming movies after 2 weeks using the website.
US,An anonymous survey will show that 95% of customers are comfortable using and purchasing pre-paid cards after a month of using the system.
US,The product shall retain the customers buying preferences and information.
US,The product shall be easy for customers with novice skills on the Internet to purchase and watch streaming movies. Customers should be able to purchase and watch a pre-determined movie in under 3 minutes.
US,The product shall use symbols and words that are naturally understandable by users familiar with websites
US,The website will use standard Internet conventions when interacting with the user.
PE,Any interface between a user and the automated system shall have a maximum response time of 5 seconds unless noted by an exception below.
PE,When purchasing a streaming movie or pre-paid card via credit card the processing time should have a maximum response time of 15 seconds.
PE,When streaming a movie the buffering time should take no longer than 10 seconds (plus any latency on the users connection.)
PE,While streaming a movie buffering should only occur if there is latency in the users connection.
SE,All credit card information will be secured on the server and only accessible by authorized Izogn administrators. Information will be encrypted in the database.
A,The website shall be available for use 24 hours per day 365 days per year.
A,The website shall achieve 99.5% up time.
A,All movies shall be streamed on demand at any time of the day.
FT,The website shall continue to operate if the streaming server goes down.
FT,The website shall continue to operate if the payment gateway goes down.
SC,The streaming server will support 50 simultaneous streaming connections.
SC,The streaming server will support a maximum of 700 movies; new servers can be added to support more movies.
SC,The server will support a maximum of 1 000 simultaneous users.
SC,The website shall be capable of supporting 100 000 customers.
MN,The product shall be expected to operate within the maximum maintenance budget for a minimum of 2 years.
O,All aspects of the website shall be accessed by a web browser over the Internet.
O,The same hardware supporting the current website will be used to support the new system.
O,We must be able to interface with the following browsers: IE 5.X 6.0 Netscape 6.x 7.x 8.x and Firefox 1.0.
O,Website must interface with the CyberSource API to process credit card transactions.
O,Website must be fully operational with MSN TV2.
O,Movies shall be encoded and streamed via Windows Media Player 9.0.
O,Movies shall be encoded for 56k and 256k streams.
MN,Promotional updates to the website should take a day to update.
PE,Izogn Administrator must be able to update the category listings on the website within 2 minutes.
PE,Izogn Administrator must be able to add new products to the website within 2 minutes.
A,The system will provide a 24 hour 800 toll free number for support to its customers.
US,The website will provide a help section with answers and solutions to common problems.
A,Velkat staff will be available for phone support between 7am-7pm M-F to provide technical support to the Izogn administrators.
O,The product shall be able to be installed in the specified environment within 1 working day.
SE,Only registered customers can purchase streaming movies.
SE,A customer can only stream a movie if they purchased it and are within the 2 day viewing period.
SE,Only authorized personnel can access customer records in the database.
SE,Only administrators can activate a pre-paid card.
SE,Only authorized personnel can access sales information.
SE,The website shall prevent its data from being corrupted when incorrect data is entered in.
SE,The website shall protect itself from intentional abuse and notify the administrator at all occurrences.
SE,Data integrity scripts will be run on a weekly basis to verify the integrity of the database.
SE,The website shall make its user aware of its information practices before collection data from them via a Privacy Policy accessible on all pages of the website.
SE,The system shall notify customers of changes to its information policy.
SE,The system shall reveal private information only in compliance with the organizations information policy.
SE,All customer information will be stored on a secure database accessible only to authorized personnel.
SE,All credit card information will be encrypted in the database.
SE,The streaming server will have anti-virus software to prevent infection of malicious viruses.
LF,The website should cater to all tribes in Nigeria.
LF,The website shall not be offensive to religious or ethnic groups.
LF,The website should appeal to all Africans not only Nigerians.
O,The website should use Flash to provide animation on the home page.
L,IzognMovies shall meet the licensing requirements set forth by the appropriate organizations in order to stream African movies.
L,The website will comply with W3C standards.
L,The PHP code will comply with PEAR standards.
