label,feature
LF,The Disputes application shall comply with the corporate standards for user interface creation for internally and externally used applications.
LF,All screens created as part of the Disputes application must comply with corporate standards for interface creation.
US,The list of dispute cases that are displayed after a search is performed must be color coded for easy identification of dispute cases based upon the dispute case status.
US,100% of the cardmember and merchant services representatives shall use the Disputes application regularly after a 2-day training course.
US,100% of cardmember services representatives shall be able to successfully create a dispute case on the first encounter after completing the training course.
US,100% of merchant services representatives shall be able to successfully perform a follow up action on a dispute case on the first encounter after completing the training course.
PE,The maximum wait time for a user navigating from one screen to another within the Disputes application shall be no more than 5 seconds.
PE,The Disputes application shall support 350 concurrent users without any degradation of performance in the application.
O,The Disputes application shall be available 24x7x365 with the exception of the following scheduled maintenance windows. Monday Saturday 3:00am to 4:00am EST Sunday 1:00amd to 5:00am EST
O,The Disputes application shall interface with the Statement Database. The Statement Database provides the transaction details to the Disputes System. All transaction details must be obtained from the Statement Database
O,The Disputes application shall interface with the Cardmember Information Database. The Cardmember Information Database provides detailed information with regard to a cardmember. All cardmember detail information must be obtained from the Cardmember Information Database.
O,The Disputes applications shall interface with the Merchant Information Database. The Merchant Information Database provides detailed information with regard to the merchant. All merchant detail information shall be obtained from the Merchant Information Database.
O,The Disputes application shall interface with the Letters application. This will allow the Disputes application to request letters as part of the dispute initiation and dispute follow up process. All letter requests must be sent to the Print Letter Utility application.
O,The Disputes application shall interface with the Cardmember Posting and Billing System. This will allow the Disputes application to request adjustments to cardmember and merchants accounts. All adjustment requests must be sent to the Cardmember Posting and Billing System.
SE,The Disputes application shall ensure that only users with the appropriate access level are allowed to initiate dispute requests.
SE,Only users with Update access must be able to initiate dispute requests.
SE,The Disputes application shall ensure that only authorized users are allowed to logon to the application.
SE,All authorized users once authenticated must be able to logon to the Disputes System
SE,The Disputes System shall generate a User Report that details any new users that have been added and any changes to an existing users access level. The report will be reviewed for auditing purposes.
SE,All additions of new users and modifications to users access shall be recorded on the User Report.
SE,If a user account is revoked it can only be re-instantiated by the System Administrator.
SE,Only the System Administrator shall be able to reset a revoked user logon account
SE,The Disputes application shall manipulate and view business data. Users will not have direct access to data files or databases.
SE,All updates to data files or database must be initiated from the Disputes System.
L,The Disputes application must conform to the legal requirements as specified by the Merchant Operating Regulations.
L,All business rules specified in the Disputes System shall be in compliance with the Merchant Operating Regulations.
L,The Disputes application must conform to the legal requirements as specified by Regulation E and Regulation Z that govern credit card disputes processing.
L,All business rules specified in the Disputes System shall be in compliance to the guidelines of Regulation E and Regulation Z.
L,The Disputes application must maintain a detailed history of every action that a user takes on a dispute case. This ensures a complete audit trail if questions arise later on with regard to a particular dispute case.
L,All actions that modify an existing dispute case must be recorded in the case history.
