label,feature
LF,The system interface will use CCR nomenclature. The system must use the same nomenclature used in the existing WCS system and reports
LF,The interface must summarize the data in a fashion thats appealing to CCR management. Every report type must have at least one high level summary shown in the results dashboard/interface
US,The system must use a point and click interface. 100% of all selection and navigation functionality must be able to be activated/selected by either a mouse or a keyboard
US,The interface shall be easy to use. 90% of users should be able to successfully use the system to generate a report on their first use. The interface should adhere to IBM usability standards.
US,Rreports must be easy to generate. eports must be generated within one button click and exported within one button click (after selecting the report)
US,A user shall be able to use the system without instruction after a short amount of time. After one use a user should understand and remember 90% of the system usage and navigation.
US,All CCR users shall receive training before the WCS system is deployed. One training session will be held for 100% of CCR users before system deployment (based on a CCR user being available)
US,The WCS system shall use appropriate nomenclature and terminology as defined by the Corporate Community Grants organization. All interfaces and reports will undergo usability tests by CCR users.
A,The WCS system shall be available at all times as long as IBMs internal intranet W3 is accessible. The WCS system will be available 95% of the time IBMs internal intranet W3 is available.
SC,The WCS system shall have the ability to connect other designated WCS databases currently not included in the system.
SC,The WCS system shall have the ability to include data for regions outside the United States and be accessed by users outside of the United States if approved by CCR management.
O,The WCS system shall be run in a Windows environment. The WCS shall be accessed by users through the Internet on an IBM computer running a Windows 2000 or above operating system.
O,The Brio portion of the WCS system must be able to export files in spreadsheet form (Microsoft Excel and Lotus 1-2-3 formats). Brio will provide buttons in the user interface that produce/export reports in .xls or .123 file formats.
MN,The WCS system must run queries to the WCS databases once again (on a specified day) to update the available data available to CCR users. Queries must be made to external databases for data refresh once a week.
MN,All changes updates and additions to the WCS system shall be updated in the WCS Developer and WCS User Guides. Every change must be reflected in WCS system documentation
SE,The system shall only be accessed by authorized Corporate Community Grants (CCR) employees. Users must be authenticated using their IBM intranet user name and password.
SE,The WCS system shall not allow automatic logins by any user. Cookies containing WCS login information about a user will not be stored on a users computer.
