label,feature
O,The product must support Internet Explorer 5.5 and above.
O,The product must support Mozilla Firefox 1.0 and above.
O,The product shall interface with the Choice Parts System. This provides the feed of recycled parts data.
O,The product shall run on the existing hardware for all environments.
O,The product shall adhere to the corporate Architecture guidelines
LF,The product shall comply with corporate User Interface Guidelines
LF,The product shall comply with corporate color scheme
LF,The appearance of the product shall appear professional
US,The product shall be easy to use by Adjusters and Collision Estimators. 95% of Adjusters and Collision Estimators shall find the product easy to use.
US,The product shall increase productivity of Collision Estimators. 80% of the Collision Estimators shall agree their productivity has increase within 1 month of using the product.
US,Users shall feel satisfied using the product. 85% of all users will be satisfied with the product.
US,The product shall be easy to learn by Adjusters and Collision Estimators. The product shall be learned with two days onsite training
US,The user shall easily locate instructions while using the product. User help can be found within 90% of the system.
PE,The search for recycled parts shall take no longer than 15 seconds. The search results shall be returned in under 15 seconds.
PE,The search for the preferred repair facility shall take no longer than 8 seconds. The preferred repair facility is returned within 8 seconds
PE,The recycled parts audit report shall be returned to the user within 10 seconds. The audit report shall be returned within 10 seconds.
PE,The preferred repair facility ratings shall be saved within 5 seconds. The save shall occur within 5 seconds.
A,The product shall adhere to the corporate online availability schedule. The application is brought down only within 98% of the scheduled outages per the availability schedule.
A,The product shall achieve a 98% uptime. The product shall not fail more than 2% of the available online time.
SC,The product shall be able to handle up to 1500 simultaneous users. The system shall perform with 1500 users as a time.
SC,The average number of recycled parts records per day shall be 50 000.
SC,The product shall be able to handle 10 000 concurrent users within 2 years of the initial launch.
O,For estimators the product shall be able to be operated in a repair facility during dirty and noisy conditions.
O,The product shall interface with the ChoiceParts system once per day at approximately 1:00 AM.
O,The maintenance of the product will fall within the established corporate maintenance windows.
O,The product shall be supported using the corporate support center.
O,Product installations and upgrades shall be handled by the middleware technology team within established launch time frames.
SE,Only adjusters can request recycled parts audit reports. No users without an adjuster role shall request recycled parts audits.
SE,Only adjusters with a supervisor role can update preferred repair facility ratings. Users without the supervisor role cannot access the repair facility ratings.
SE,Only collision estimators shall search for recycled parts. Users without the collision estimator role shall not have access to the search for recycled parts.
SE,Only valid data shall be entered into the system. No invalid data shall be entered into the system.
SE,One insurance company shall not be able to view another insurance companys claim data.
SE,The product shall free of computer viruses.
SE,The system shall prevent malicious attacks including denial of service.
L,The product must comply with Sarbanes-Oxley.
L,The product shall comply with the estimatics laws relating to recycled parts usage.
L,The product shall comply with insurance regulations regarding claims processing.
