label,feature
LF,The product shall simulate the look of ships at sea.
LF,The product shall display the grids within a circle as a view from a periscope.
LF,The product shall display each type of ship in a grid using an image of the specific type of ship.
LF,When the offensive player takes a shot the product shall simulate the sound of a ship at sea.
LF,When a shot is marked as a miss the product shall simulate the sound of a shot missing its target.
LF,When a shot is marked as a hit the product shall simulate the sound of a shot hitting its target.
LF,When a ship is sunk the product shall simulate the sound of a sinking ship.
A,The product shall be available 24 hours per day seven days per week.
PE,The product shall able to handle a large number of games simultaneously.
PE,The response time shall be fast enough to maintain the flow of the game. The response time shall be no more than 2 seconds for 95% of responses and no more than 4% for the remaining responses.
PE,The product shall protect the identity of the players. The product shall provide players no access to information that might reveal the identity of another player.
US,The product shall be intuitive and self-explanatory. Nine out ten users shall be able to successfully complete a game with no training.
US,The product shall be available to players who understand English Spanish and French. The product shall allow the user to select the language upon accessing the product.
SE,The product shall provide players no access to information that might reveal the identity of another player
PE,The response time shall be fast enough to maintain the flow of the game. The response time shall be no more than 2 seconds for 95% of responses and no more than 4% for the remaining responses.
US,The system shall be easy to use by callers and supervisors. Callers and supervisors must be able to accomplish any system task within 2 minutes.
US,The system shall be easy to learn by callers and supervisors. Callers and supervisors shall learn how to use the system within 10 minutes.
