label,feature
US,The system shall help the user avoid making mistakes while scheduling classes and clinicals for the nursing students.
US,The number of mistakes noted by the students shall be decreased by 50% in the first year.
US,The system shall be intuitive to the Program Administrators/Nursing Staff Members.
US,2 out of 3 Program Administrators/Nursing Staff Members shall successfully be able to use the system to manage the scheduling of classes and clinicals.
US,The system shall use symbols and words that are naturally understandable by the user community.
US,The verbiage used within the system shall be consistent with Standard English and the terminology of the national Nursing Community.
PE,Staff members shall be able to complete a set of tasks in a timely manner.
PE,The response time of general student management tasks shall take no longer than 5 seconds and the response time of schedule generation shall take no longer than 30 seconds.
A,The system shall be available for use between the hours of 8am and 6pm.
A,The system shall achieve 95% up time.
SC,system shall be able to handle all of the user requests/usage during business hours.
SC,The system shall cater to 10 simultaneous users from 9am to 5pm.
SC,The system shall be capable of processing 100% of nursing students and their classes for the next 10 years.
SC,The system shall be expected to manage the nursing program curriculum and class/clinical scheduling for a minimum of 5 years.
O,The system shall able to operate within a business office environment typical of the Nursing Department at DePaul University.
O,The system shall be used within the specifications defined by the computers used by the Program Administrators/Nursing Staff Members.
O,The system shall operate within the Windows XP Professional operating system.
O,The system shall interface with CampusConnects central server
O,The system shall interface with the faculty central server.
O,The system shall interface with the student master server.
O,We must be able to interface with any HTML browser.
SE,Only authorized users shall have access to clinical site information.
SE,Program Administrators/Nursing Staff Members are the only people who shall have access to clinical site details.
SE,Only authorized users shall have access to students personal information.
SE,Dr Susan Poslusny and Dr Julie Donalek are the only people who shall have access to students personal information.
SE,Only authorized users shall have access to the portion of the system that interfaces with CampusConnect.
SE,Fit Criterion: Dr Susan Poslusny and Karen Sysol are the only people who shall have access to the final class section scheduling for the system that interfaces with CampusConnect.
SE,The system shall have basic data integrity checking to reduce the possibility of incorrect or invalid data being introduced.
SE,The system shall protect private information in accordance with the organizations information policy.
SE,The system shall be built such that it is as secure as possible from malicious interference.
SE,The system shall use the organizations standard virus protection software to help monitor threats to itself.
